Adjust BMP581 for component rename, additional sensor examples (#5778)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/sensor/bmp581.md

---

The `bmp581` sensor platform allows you to use your BMP581
([datasheet](https://www.bosch-sensortec.com/media/boschsensortec/downloads/datasheets/bst-bmp581-ds004.pdf), [SparkFun](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/20170) or [Adafruit](https://www.adafruit.com/product/6407)) temperature and pressure sensors with ESPHome. The [I²C](/components/i2c) bus is

> required to be set up in your configuration for this sensor to work. This sensor also has SPI communication support, but it is not currently supported in ESPHome.

Author: This PR follows the convention from the `bmp280` and `bmp3xx` documentation. I don't think it should be changed.

> required to be set up in your configuration for this sensor to work. This sensor also has SPI communication support, but it is not currently supported in ESPHome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
required to be set up in your configuration for this sensor to work. While technically possible, ESPHome does not yet support communication with this sensor via the SPI bus.
```

  - All other options from [Sensor](/components/sensor).

> - **address** (*Optional*, int): *I²C Only* Manually specify the I²C address of

Reviewer: Not necessary 🙂
```suggestion
- **address** (*Optional*, int): Manually specify the I²C address of
```

Author: I included this initially since I do have a part 2 nearly ready to go (it works, I just want to do more testing). I can make the change in the part 2 PR.
